Check unallow keys in @info decorator (#4505)
microsoft/typespec: .chronus/changes/InfoUnallowKeyChecker-2024-8-24-11-6-11.md

---
changeKind: fix
packages:
  - "@typespec/openapi"
---

> @info decorator failed to exclude extension key not starting with "x-".

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`@info` decorator validate no extra properties not starting with `x-` are provided.
```
escape decorators in the changelog or it will tag the user with that name in the release
